Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai here!
If you’re wondering what we're doing today...
De-den!
I'd like to change the logo for A.I. Games!
I've been thinking about it for a while now..
It's a lot like A.I. Channel
So I was thinking I’d like it just a bit more like, "This is A.I. Games!"
I thought it'd be good to make it more recognisable
And it’s cause of that, that this time..
I’ll use sites that let you make original logos..
To make a new logo for A.I. Games!
Well then, in that case, let's go!
First is this!
“Logaster”!
On this website...
You can easily... make logos!
Isn't this neat, right? Not only that..
You can make original logos, so then..
I'd like to make one right now!
Teiyaa!
"Logo Creation Wizard"
"Company name"
Ooohh! Sounds great, right?
Even though it’s not about a company..
"A.I. Games"
"Business type"
"Business type"... "Internet"!
"Internet", "Fine arts", “Fashion”...
"Entertainment"
Definitely, I'm more of an entertainer, right?
So I should choose "Entertainment", right?
Hoi~!
Oooooooh..
There's quite a lot, aren't there?
This one's sort of like Windows, right?
"Deeeeen~", something like that..
Wasn’t it something like "Deeen"?
I definitely want something...
That’s simple but striking..
I’d like one that draws attention..
Well...
Which one’s better?
I'd like one that is game related and that it’s adorable..
But that it’s simple...
Ah, ah...
This logo that has a puzzle can be a good candidate, right?
And also...
There’s so many that it makes me doubt..
Ah! Ah! This logo is for video games!
It’s a logo for video games!
Although I’d like something a bit more...
Something more simple, more "zen", "zen"..
Aaaahh! This!
This is close
I’d definitely like that "A.I." to be in uppercase letters..
I wonder if I can modify this in some way..
Ah!
This!
I like it
The given ones too...
It could be...
There’s really a lot!
There’s so many!
Someone save me!
There’s so many that I like that I can’t decide..
Maybe I should choose the puzzle one?
Where..
..Was it?
I found the puzzle one!
Ah!
Here, you can edit..
I see
Ooohh!
Ah!
You can also change the design, right?
I see..
In this case...
Eh?
And later...
Ah, you can...
Edit the text..
Can you also edit the icon?
Ah!
It can be changed!
I see
Ooohh..
I see..
Aaahh..
I can also change the text font
No, I prefer the one before!
Eh?
I prefer the one before!
"Restart"
Oh, good, good
The color!
"More colors"
Let’s choose more colors...
Well, I think it’d have something light blue...
Can you understand what it feels to do something so difficult? How it feels?
Isn’t it good like this?
"Simple is best"
Ah, best to leave it like that
That’s good, right?
Yes, yes
The simpler...
The better!
Good!
And now, "Save"!
Cha, chan!
I finished!
The logo for "A.I.Games"!
Candidate #1!
Next up is this!
“Logojoy”!
In this case..
You can create a logo...
Just by entering a company name!
In that case, let’s go!
"A.I. Games"
"Pick... 5 or... more... logos... you... like.."
This means "Please choose 5 logos of your liking", right?
I see..
Eh... which one should I choose?
Definitely if it's too cute..
In face, it could prove to be too unpleasant to use...
Maybe something like this..
Ah but, this one's looks related to games, it seems good..
With that case, this is the first one
And now which ones should I choose?.
Eh, which ones should I pick?
This and.. this and... Honey!
This and.. this and...
Eh, which should...?
I’ll follow my instinct! Maybe this one?
One more..
This..
Hey!
The color will be..
Let's see...
Maybe this one?
I’d like a refreshing feel to it..
Without any "Slogan"!
Three!
(Find and choose 3 symbols)
I should just pick something, right?
I’ll definitely choose "Games"
"Games"
This one's pretty good, isn't it? It’s kinda cute..
This one's slightly thicker, hmmm..
Okay, the thin one!
This and...
Ah! This one's kinda cute..
Ah! My... this...
Ah! I wonder if there’s not...
Something like my sprout shaped headband...
Hmmmmmm..
If I had to choose...
I’d definitely like it to have something round..
Hmmm..
Let's see....
Ah, there’s nothing that has a round shape, but..
Not you... this one..
Good..
Teiyaa!
Oh! Oooooooh! Ooh!
A lot appeared, right?
You can view all of them like this, right?
Ah, this one's good after all, right?
It's a simple logo and related to games
Ah, if this was only in uppercase...
I wonder if there are any..
There aren't any with uppercase "A.I."!
It’s the only thing I can’t change!
Ah, this sort of style's pretty nice..
One more..
Ah, but...
I can edit this on the next step..
If that's the case..
This one's good, this one..
If only.. If only I can change the letters a bit..
Ah, I can tweak it here, right?
Like this..
Hmmm... and next up is...
The font... I’d like to change it just a bit..
I’d like something a bit more..
Pop-like and with a sense of cuteness..
Since it's so simple, the font would be..
Better if it were more cute, right?
Hmmmm..
There's a lot of them, but..
For something slightly simpler and playful..
This one seems nice to me
I’ll definitely choose this one. This, this, this..
For the color...
Oh. Oooooooh..
Ah, I can change this too..
It's important, but, definitely..
Since I'm always in this white space..
I thought it would be good to have white as the base, but..
Something like that?
And definitely regarding the logo color..
The main channel is pink
The game channel is...
Some kind of green, right?
And this...
I think this controller is cute, but..
Well, from far away..
It's hard to recognise and..
I feel like since the lines are too thin so..
The logo symbol too... Is it called "symbol"?
I'd like to change the symbol..
Oh!
There’s a lot, right?
Dooo.. do-do do..
I’d definitely like to have something like a controller..
This is adorable!
Ah, but this also works..
Ah! How's this?
It looks fun and easy to recognise..
Doesn’t this looks good?
With this... how is it?
Ah! It looks better than expected!
Doesn't it look good?
I finished!
De, deen~!
Candidate #2!
Well I tried making two of them, but..
They're both pretty good, right?
Man, I expected no less of me...well done..
Everyone, please choose one!
In this video's comments..
I’ll be making a comment for each logo..
So then click on the “Like” button for the logo you liked
The voting period is one week starting from today!
The logo that gets the most likes will be..
The one I'd like to use as A.I. Games' new logo!
Vote please ♡
Well then, this was Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai!
See you later!
There's more at the end!
Translated by Sp3000 and Vortex
Let’s do a clean vote, please!